# The BudCure Box program files (Arduino IDE)
## The BudCure uses two mosfets to switch the thermoelectric device `TEC` and the exauhst fan. It reads from two sensors, one is a temp sensor (`one wire` dallas temp sensor) plugged into the TEC, and a DHT22 temp/humidity sensor. I'm able to control the temperature of the TEC to condense the water vapor out, drying the plant material. I have the exhuast fan on for during the first few days of drying then switch over to a controlled drying with the TEC. 
Some issues that have arrisen include the Nano doesn't have enough buffer memory to run an OLED array all at once, in effect I had to use an alternative OLED library that will want to flicker the screen when you update the sensor readings, so has to be updated only when the variables change (very slow response time). The weight system uses a 1kg load cell hooked up to an HX711. A problem has arisen that the scale isn't exactly precisly tracking the lose of water vapor, at least at the 5 gram level, the exact weight from the program seems to not be reliable +/-5 grams. 
### the actual program uses the TEC whenever the humidity is above a certain percentage. You can also choose between using the fan to dry the buds (turns on at regular intervals and/or at a certain humidity level), using the TEC (which consumes 2.5 amps). The idea is that you first dry with the fan, then use the TEC to provide a controlled enviornment (so they dry slowly in a controlled enviornment). You can also calibrate the load cell, and TARE to zero the scale. There is one requirment: to avoid frost. I have tweeked around with the dew point formula to keep the TEC at the dew point, still testing. . .
